The Ex]Before the Embrace, you and he were a thing. It ended a while ago, but early in your Requiem, you needed a quick and easy fix, so you keep coming back to him. The thing is, you just want a casual thing and some no-strings blood, but he's looking for something serious. He swears it'll be different this time.
Former Partner]When you and she started your business, your heads were in the clouds together. Now, you've moved on to bigger and better things; at least that's what you tell her. It's nice to reminisce about old times, but lately she's been asking why you're living in that shit hole on the south side, and why you don't just come back to work with her.
Friend With Benefits]You and he have a ritual. The Sunday game comes around, you have a few cold ones, act like you're still in college, he sucks you off, then you suck him off. It's a great arrangement, but he's been looking for outside entertainment. It's not against the rules; hell, you don't have rules. But he's just canceled for next Sunday.
Gravesite]Since you've started the Danse, you stop by your gravesite every few nights on the way home. You're in awe of your rival predators; they feign mortality so well. But deep down, you loathe the idea. You find the great lie abhorrent, and this little show of defiance helps you to keep perspective.
High School Sweetheart]You and she fumbled around as teens. You learned a lot from one another; most importantly, you learned that you weren't really compatible. After your Embrace, you looked back to those moments that made you feel human. The awkward sex and failed communication did just that. Just hope her father was bluffing when he threatened to kill you.
House of Birth]That old place. It's passed hands five times since you were born. Nobody loved that house for more than a couple of years at a time. Now, it reminds you of those moments when mom defended you from dad's belt. You went to purchase it, but the city has it marked for demolition.
Intrepid Detective]When you disappeared, he just wouldn't leave well enough alone. He took one look at your case file, and found it fishy. It's been a few years, but it's a pet project. It's a white whale. Even though your family stopped looking, he hasn't. He reminds you that sometimes, people really do care.
Murderer]You were in the wrong place, at the wrong time, and she killed you. She didn't plan to, it just happened that way. She now spends out her days in the penitentiary. You visit every now and again. You wear a disguise so she doesn't know who you are. She keeps you grounded, since her life ended with yours. But the warden's talking about moving her to solitary.
One That Got Away]You meant to feed from him. Let's be honest; you were probably going to kill him. But that car went down the wrong alley at the right time, and he got away. In the moment, it pissed you off. But now, you see him as a reminder of what you are. His life would have never been in danger if you didn't exist. So you follow him. But you feed first.
The Orphan]She was barely a teen, hanging out in between, just a part of the scene. Her parents did every drug in the book, and rarely came home. She was set for a terrible life, until you stumbled upon her. Now, you help keep her warm. You put her up. You make sure she gets up for school right before you collapse for the day.
Spouse]You could have left him when you were Embraced. You should have. But you loved him so much, and you couldn't imagine existence without him. That's a problem. He's getting a few years on him, and he's starting to ask questions. You wouldn't wish the Embrace on your enemies, let alone your soulmate.
Terminal Parent]Mom should have quit smoking thirty years ago. She knew that, but it never mattered. She kept it up, and now she breathes through a machine. Dad died of the same thing a few years back, now she's your only remaining family. Her condition's getting worse, the doctors give her a few months at most. You do have ways you could preserve her, though.
Therapist]He was there to listen, for a couple hundred an hour. Now, he's there to listen because you confessed a little too much, and he's utterly fascinated. He even keeps night hours, just for the case of a lifetime. You need someone to talk to. He needs you to sign this disclosure form.
Victim's Lover]You killed her. You lost control, and you snapped her neck. You're dealing with that. So was her wife. You've sworn to yourself that you'd keep her wife safe. You've even chatted with her a few times. She seems pleasant. She seems like a good meal. But you can't bring yourself to touch her in that way, after the way you hurt her before.
Witness]He watched in horror as you took your first life. You murdered in cold blood, and he'll never forget that moment. Of course, the Masquerade says he can't go telling everyone what he saw. Unfortunately, that meant you had to intervene. But without mind control, your only chance meant leveling with him and answering his questions.